Ghost from the Christmas past
Ricardas Dijokas·Saturday, April 23, 20161 Read


Damage have been done and being done to global environment by Tallink Silja Lines Ferry's
                                          
Report:
1. Inside ferry, parking space.
When vehicles do drive inside ferry obviously do burn CO. Drivers and passengers are in must to pass area full of CO just to make way to they cabins inside ferry. There is no any protection is provided to customers. 
2. After arriving from point A to point B Tallink Silja Lines  customers must come 
back to they vehicles and pass the same area which is obviously  a little cleaner. And here comes one more issue when heavy trucks has to start they diesel engines to pump air in to they systems. In that time other drivers and passengers are forced to breath huge amounts of CO.
3. Nothing have been done to make sure that burned fuel do go safely out of ferry parking space.
Means such a big amounts of CO do go out without any solutions made to clean it.
4. Damage of Fossil fuels burned by ferry's to global environment.
 Ignorance of new technology solutions and money rush problem do poison air which all nature environment has to breath. 
5. irresponsible amount of ferry's  crossing Baltic sea do generate  irresponsible amount’s of CO emissions to air.
6. By collected information ferry's always do go half full. In which case fossil fuel have been burn in the amounts as full. There is no planing done to reduce CO emissions.
7. Parked ferry keep turned on engines. It need to supply needed electric power. It means that huge engines has to run for 7 Hours and burn fuel which also creates bad CO emissions. No actions has been taken. There no even look like any actions have been planed.
8. Every public transport supplier is in must to have place for waiting people whom can stay worm inside. No matter Bus stations, Train station, Airports, or ports. When people do come earlier and waiting inside the cars it is obvious that they will burn fuel in cold weather so here We coming once more with CO problem which generates  same lines without taking any actions nor planing to.
9. Cruise Ships being run for no any other reason except making money. This mighty ships creates Big CO emissions.
10. No needed lines must be suspended. Only ferry left and no more then 2 times per week from.
Raport was send to: MOVE-MARITIME-TRANSPORT-AND-SAFETY@ec.europa.eu 
Answer did come back 13.05.2016 from MOVE-MARITIME-TRANSPORT-AND-SAFETY@ec.europa.eu:
Dear Mr Ricardas,

 

Thank you for having approached the European Commission services on this issue.

 

Regarding the issue of “parking spaces” inside the ferries, the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS) lays down provisions for the safety of ships travelling internationally in all areas relevant for structural integrity, lifesaving appliances, radio communication et al,  including the protection from fires. In this chapter the Convention establish also the requirements for the capacity of the ventilation systems that for a passenger ship should be able to give at least the following air changes:

 

Passenger ships
	

 

   Special category spaces
	

  10 air changes per hour  

   Closed ro-ro and vehicle spaces other than
   special category spaces for ships carrying
   more than 36 passengers   
	

  10 air changes per hour

   Closed ro-ro and vehicle spaces other than
   special category spaces for ships carrying
   not more than 36 passengers
	

  6 air changes per hour

 

Furthermore the International Maritime Organization in tis Circular MSC/Circ.729 (DESIGN GUIDELINES AND OPERATIONAL RECOMMENDATIONS FOR VENTILATION SYSTEMS IN RO-RO CARGO SPACES) define more detailed technical provisions in relation to the exposure limit to highest pollutant concentration (part per million ppm – or mg/m~3) .

 

Ventilation systems for ro-ro cargo spaces (rolling cargo, i.e. vehicles)  on board ship generally operate according to the principle of dilution ventilation, whereby the supply air flow to the area is sufficient for the exhaust gases to mix thoroughly with the air and be removed.

 

European legislation (Directive 2009/45/EC), it is largely based on the SOLAS Convention and applies the same criteria to ships travelling domestically (within the same Member State).

 

Regarding the issue of CO2 emissions, the EU climate and energy policies aim at improving energy efficiency of different modes of transport, including shipping. As the first step a Regulation for Monitoring, Reporting and Verification (MRV) of shipping emissions has been adopted in 2015 to encourage energy efficiency of maritime transport. It encourages use of energy saving technologies and modes of operation by requiring ship owners to provide information on the energy efficiency of individual ships.

 Furthermore the European Commission, together with the Member states has been in the lead for the establishment of the energy Efficiency Design index (EEDI)  which sets targets for the reduction of CO2 emissions from maritime transport including the passenger ferries and cruise liners  in the frame of the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (MARPOL).

Finally you also mentioned the issue of ships that are running on their own engine/generators while at berth in a port.  The issue of the so-called cold ironing or shore side electricity supply where vessels connect for energy supply to the onshore electric power grid  generators is one of the priorities of the Connecting Europe Facility a program aiming to implement inter alia technologies aiming to reduces the emissions in ports as well as it has been subject of several European research such as the project TEFLES funded under the FP7 research program.

Best Regards

DG MOVE

Form submitted by:  Dijokas Ricardas
Sent on 25/04/2016 at 14:01
Company: n/a
Category: ---
Address:
Post Code:  City: Ukmerge Country: Lithuania
Email: anon@getmail.no
Theme: Climate Action
Subject: CO emissions
Question: Safety and security of the highest level
Environmentally responsible operations

As We see problem not solved what so ever. 
Answer do take way to long

Suggestions/solutions was send 17.05.2016

Well I would like to have a travel on Tallink silja line and We can inspect together the issue of ventilation.

There is not only ventilation I do talk.

It does need to have a breathing protection for single Human and not matter how many air changes per hour.
Same like in construction industry workers has a dust protection (dust mask).

 in MUST update ships with different car loading systems.

Engines of Ships:

They can be updated with electrical engines, and electric supply can be arrange by generator which will produce way less of CO2.

Express ships  with power full engines? So why can't be updated with same solution ?

Cruise lines are not life important lines, so why they are keep damaging environment?

On big ships also solar panels can be installed for sun power.

Will continue..........., it is much more to come

P.s.

I want You to understand that I'm not creating this case because of any of money greed or what so ever. Simply It is important for You, Your family, for Me, for any other people
around the globe. We have big issue with Japan power station where radioactive material still going to ocean, and damaging all environment include Humans.
Here is issues with Baltic states, also other countries with cars where is many new technologies can help clean air at least from CO2,
As My self already do this job without charge, and is important for any of Us even that people whom worst in the world, Our globe is like a air balloon where air doesn't go any where
it only can be cleaned and filtered. As we know the best filters are trees.

at this point I do urge people do not print any paper what so ever. We do have PC power to keep needed information.

P.s.2

If We agree and proceed what it is need to proceed I can help that companies even with they strategies, how to make better lines and they only will safe they finances.

I do only for People in need reason so the money We safe can be used for a good thinks, like help homeless, and more new solution do coming.

All We want is Love, Peace and freedom

the 3rd email followed with question :

I forgot to ask, Do think it will be ok if I publish this nonsense?

Will continue...

 

