Manifesto


Truth is the power

The life issues this hard and dark days in the world leads to all sorts of problems.
Issues like war actions on Humans. For example spraying chemicals in other countries does react every person around the globe. People whom do this actions or experiments they know that and doing it for some no unknown reasons. It may power of dominating the world, then the question what will this powers will dominate when Human race will be extinguished.

The purpose of this manifesto to try understand why are people do what they do. 

I do believe actions  coming by generations, It is believed that Nazis survived and they do they mission. Some say is Aliens, and some say is only greed do this. Lets see where is real truth hide.

Fear is main issue of actions taken around the globe. People whom trying to control other people are forced by fear, in same way they do only understand that they control people.

This understanding is paranoid and as We see does lead not to the best actions in around the globe.
It can be forced after many chemical experiments on people in which creators believe they not being not sprayed. And that thinking it isn't truth because they do breath same air in a planet as every person does and chemicals does affect human brain.

Like for example We will drink more coffee , or use to much alcohol which contains chemicals, it does create Paranoia reaction. Created illusion of fear does lead to next human behavior:

I will not get to deep in to this illusion cause many people knows that. 
Brainwash by chemicals or say in ordinary words kills cells and it does create more space for information which been loaded by social media in any way. Loading wrong information does not lead results We want achieve. Leads to ignorance of our own actions. And many of world leaders simply do not understand what they doing in first place. Created illusion by them selfs closing they own and other eyes to what it is happening. People becoming zombies. It is crazy to see when for example this days in  U.s elections leading conservative parties. In many countries they system failed. And even people know they still going after the same isn't look like zombie action?.

That what it is happening with nation after chemical experiments.

What I meant by not understanding or ignorance of own actions is that if some ask Me to dive submarine and I say ok I will do it and in same time I don't even know where to start.

If I start pushing every button may it unleash missile or may I will be lucky and it will start engine.
Are We really want to have leaders like this ? Only We can blame is our own ignorance to understand our inner voice. 

We are urgent to awake Human brains to understand very simpe actions of they own. Human in need to step other fears cloud created by same zombie government, which never will explain even to them why are they did that what they done, they do understand that they didn't rich the goals what was expected, in sipmle reason to rich some think what does not exist and end of the path is same as to every body in the world don't matter collor don't matter religion ar Nationality. This dissapointment creates big fear to exposed after actions was taken by one or the other person.
Every grow man understand that will be punished that is the reason of the war they do hide truth inside and covering with not existing cloud of fears. Illusion that they can delete information in Human brains it is only illusion.
Non of they inner voice said to do thinks like that as we see chemicals do work on them as well they do argue with inner voice, they lie to them selfs, creates lies in they own mind to believe that they are the best. killing people or experiments on food, air water doesn't make no one best, killing, steeling, kidnapping and all bad thinks still bad.
The actions taken will never delete understaning good inside people. That is not possible to remove from people. Idea will leave forever and never will be changed.

It is best if they start realizing that they leading in complete wrong direction. 
Life path have skilled Me believe ind higher power and I do asking help people on planet Earth. I do not know exactly whom they are or how they look, but urgent help is requared.
Violence can't rule. That must stop. I can't ask of any other name. But simply I believe only this request can help solve needed problems.
I will dedicate what ever it needs to get this world sorted.
I do not know will it be Understood or not. I do not know willthis request rich needed persons, here is only hope left, 
and as My self I don't see My life in world like this. 
Runing away will not change. And I'm tired of runing or trying to solve. At the moment it does gets worst.
I'm about to give Up My life and I do already have so much thought about that, I have broken so much inside that I don't not believe that I will recover.
Thank You for reading
P.s. there is Understanding that Human did mistakes and failed so much. BUt if there some think can be done to forgive, for a better world reason, peace. love it must be worth, 
I know it is hard to believe after all. So many innocent people die for no reason really and not been give any opportuinties to simply survive. Broken all possible Human rights.
P.s.2 Sign of any respond to request will help to understand that some one is listening. Understand that there is at least hope to have it sorted. I do not Aim any personal goals in any way, Simply always want it to create better life for every one.
My life isn't good and inner conditions are really in high risk. Explaining feeling like I do loosing a reason for life, for existance.
I stop believing in any think like love, peace, I do believe in what I feel. But that believing it doesn't show any path any more. 
I don't know what I suspose to do I'm really lost in the paths of life. And what it is happening in my life is really doesn't make me believe in any better life any more.
I don't know what to say how to take right actions. I'm really tired not having purpose. Or not beeing explained in correct simple human understanding way.
It looks to Me like I'm in some action or sort of illusion which I can't understand and can't take my self out of it. 
I do not know what I have done to have all My life ruined, I do not know may it was mistake I was born, but I didn't make that choice in first place.
And ignorance keeping Me closed all the time like in a prison it isn't right. Making whom evere does this isn't right, braking sole like this, where it really doesn't brake. 
why need all this fight. Do I want to fight any more? well I don't see any reason even for fighting any more.
My heard doens't feel any more love or any fear to any think. \and thats where main tree is broken. Will to stay in this matrix.
If Understand that love is main reason why I have no even opportunity to fight for it?
am I look slevish, But I believe every Human do feel same way. Why are We have to struugle all this? 

Just don't know how much more I can handle it, simply doesn't make any sence any more :(

p.s.3 If there is the any way to disconect from matrix at the moment I feel to take that path 
for crimes done for humanity richest family in the world Rotchild family send help Japan to solve fukushima problem in personally involved therms 
Send Syrian refugees back home 
Set peace in Syria immidiatly start/complete date 18.03.2016 12.00
Cancel Human child poison vaccine and poison vaccination
Load Human Breathing protection on every single human being date to start 18.03.2016 12.00
Cancel all experiments with medical drug around globe start time 18.03.2016 12.00
Destroy all genetecly modificated products
Urgent set all human help Japanese solve Fukushima radiation problem, start date 18.03.2016 10.450 Norwegian time
set Isis and realeted teams to help Syrian refugees build new living places in Syria
Set create new natural food supplies for Syria
Set All Human around the world whom has more then one living acomondation to share with homeless Human beings 
Statement created today 18.03.2016 time 15.52 My address Nybratveien 3, 1832, Askim
Hi, My name is Ricardas Dijokas

Statement

I state that Ealing Mental Hospital did damaged My brain.
The mental issues start coming Up now after almost fife years treatment

Story:

Police did arrest Me for no reason, No any danger act to others or My self was created.
I never faced any court stating any activity for which I have been arrested. 
After closing Me In Mental help Hospital and before using any treatment and without any answers to My questions I was imprisoned under section 2.
No lawyer or any other civil rights was provided. No any proof that I have any need for any treatment was provided. I have been treated By people whom has no Understanding what so ever what Human brain needs. Except understanding how get that brain asleep.
I never willingly signed or agreed on any experiments or any treatments. 
I never asked for any help from any mental care.
My life have been ruined in UK, like I lost My renting flat, opportunity to earn Money, because they closed me for long time. So I had to borrow money from My family to return home to Lithuania


Doctors state Me that Human right and advocates will not help. 
So They did tried to write in memory that will not help, so I have no need later in My life trust for in My self and fight for Justice. Simply never worked they Understanding.
I have to create a lie that I believe in they mental care for get My self free. 

You see this is not just between Me and hospital. Simply because Hospital is supported by tax payers money so it means that tax payers are responsible for it to, because they agree to pay tax.
I'm I wrong?

And that I will publish to the public and explain exactly what it is happening in Ealing Mental Health Hospital.
That information will be sprayed around the globe as well as understanding that Ealing Mental health Hospital do Mental experiments with human brains without knowing consequences.
The main story is already loaded to powers which isn't reachable for Your employees. 
And in case of any illegal actions against Me, My personality, privacy, or in any way My life conditions affected  what so ever the information will be unleashed immediately.


So how will You suggest to solve this ?

Suspend illiuminaty, all actions realated with organization 19.03.2016
